The source code for discourse is available on GitHub, which is a platform to host code, including
all the changes made in the project called comets.
Thanks to this, you can do many interesting things.
First off, you can browse cource code with the state that it had after every single lecture, just
go to the comet least and find a comet that matches the title of the lecture that you are watching.
Click this button to browse the code with the state it had at a specific point.
Pressing the green code button will give you some options, like downloading the code at a specific
point in a zip.
Or if something does not work and you think you typed the code correctly, just find the file you are
working with and verify if yours looks the same.
For example, at this point, we were talking about partial templates and creating a partial template
called Post Blade BHP.
Prayers go to file and type post Blade BHB.
And this is how this fire looked like after the specific lecture.
Another useful feature is to review all the changes made during a specific lecture.
Let's go back to the Middle East.
Click the comet's title, this letter is about form request classes had the following changes made.
Green color means the code added and the red color, the code that was removed.
Remember, the cold is always there available for you.
Alternatively, if you prefer, under this very lecture, there is the zip file containing the full
source code of this course into files, specifically for the first introductory section, which was
recently rerecorded from scratch and the other containing the whole full course code.